add string arguments instructions (#932)
dapphub/dapptools: src/seth/README.md

    $ seth call $MKR_TOKEN "totalSupply()(uint)"
    995238778286468792512963

> If you want to send a string as an argument, remember to put the quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to send a string as an argument, you must surround the string in both single and double quotes.
```
